Hello and welcome to the lesson about
3D medical imaging data set and the analysis of those data sets.
In this lesson, we will talk about
the common digital representation of 3D medical images.
We will talk about the DICOM standard,
which is the standard in which all medical images are
stored by medical imaging modalities and clinical archives.
We will talk a little bit about the NIFTY standard which is the research standard,
which is quite common in
different competitions and it's common in machine learning operations.
We will talk about how to read and
manipulate medical image volumes using Python libraries,
and we will go through some examples of codes that will extract images.
We'll let you understand how to manipulate those images and how to process them.